README.md, before:

# WolkConnector C++
WolkAbout C++ Connector library for connecting devices to WolkAbout IoT platform.

Prerequisite
------
Following tools/libraries are required in order to build WolkAbout C++ connector

* cmake - version 3.5 or later
* autotools
* autoconf
* m4
* zlib1g-dev

Former can be installed on Debian based system from terminal by invoking

`apt-get install autotools-dev autoconf m4 zlib1g-dev`

Afterwards dependencies are built, and Makefile build system is generated by invoking
`./configure`

Generated build system is located inside 'out' directory


WolkAbout C++ Connector library, and example are built from 'out' directory by invoking
`make` in terminal

Example Usage
-------------
**Establishing connection with WolkAbout IoT platform:**
```cpp
wolkabout::Device device("DEVICE_KEY", "DEVICE_PASSWORD", {"ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE", "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO"});

std::unique_ptr<wolkabout::Wolk> wolk =
  wolkabout::Wolk::newBuilder(device)
    .actuationHandler([](const std::string& reference, const std::string& value) -> void {
        std::cout << "Actuation request received - Reference: " << reference << " value: " << value << std::endl;
    })
    .actuatorStatusProvider([](const std::string& reference) -> wolkabout::ActuatorStatus {
        if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("65", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        } else if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("false", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        }

        return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
    })
    .build();

    wolk->connect();
```

**Publishing sensor readings:**
```cpp
wolk->addSensorReading("TEMPERATURE_REF", 23.4);
wolk->addSensorReading("BOOL_SENSOR_REF", true);
```

**Publishing actuator statuses:**
```cpp
wolk->publishActuatorStatus("ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE ");
```
This will invoke the ActuationStatusProvider to read the actuator status,
and publish actuator status.

**Publishing events:**
```cpp
wolk->addAlarm("ALARM_REF", "ALARM_MESSAGE_FROM_CONNECTOR");
```

Sensor readings, actuator statuses, and events are automatically pushed to WolkAbout IoT platform every 50 milliseconds,
hence no action other than *addSensorReading*, *publishActuatorStatus*, or *addEvent* is required.

**Disconnecting from the platform:**
```cpp
wolk->disconnect();
```

**Data persistence:**

WolkAbout C++ Connector provides mechanism for persisting data in situations where readings can not be sent to WolkAbout IoT platform.

Persisted readings are sent to WolkAbout IoT platform once connection is established.

Data persistence mechanism **is not enabled by default**, and can be enabled via wolkabout::WolkBuilder when constructing wolkabout::Wolk instance in following manner:

```cpp
wolkabout::Device device("DEVICE_KEY", "DEVICE_PASSWORD", {"ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE", "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO"});

std::unique_ptr<wolkabout::Wolk> wolk =
  wolkabout::Wolk::newBuilder(device)
    .actuationHandler([](const std::string& reference, const std::string& value) -> void {
        std::cout << "Actuation request received - Reference: " << reference << " value: " << value << std::endl;
    })
    .actuatorStatusProvider([](const std::string& reference) -> wolkabout::ActuatorStatus {
        if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("65", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        } else if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("false", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        }

        return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
    })
    .withDataPersistence() // Enable data persistance via default filesystem persister
    .build();

    wolk->connect();
```

In cases when provided filesystem persistence is suboptimal, one can use custom persistence by implementing wolkabout::PersistService interface, and forwarding it to
builder in following manner:

```cpp
wolkabout::Device device("DEVICE_KEY", "DEVICE_PASSWORD", {"ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE", "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO"});

std::unique_ptr<wolkabout::Wolk> wolk =
  wolkabout::Wolk::newBuilder(device)
    .actuationHandler([](const std::string& reference, const std::string& value) -> void {
        std::cout << "Actuation request received - Reference: " << reference << " value: " << value << std::endl;
    })
    .actuatorStatusProvider([](const std::string& reference) -> wolkabout::ActuatorStatus {
        if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("65", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        } else if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("false", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        }

        return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
    })
    .withDataPersistence(std::make_shared<CustomPersistServiceImplemenation>()) // Enable data persistance via custom persister
    .build();

    wolk->connect();
```

Where 'CustomPersistServiceImplemenation' is implementation of wolkabout::PersistService interface.

Commit message:

Offline buffering: Limit number of persisted items (#3)
* service/persist/json/JsonPersistService:
Actuator statuses, sensor readings, and alarms are persisted to separate directories

* README.md:
Added see more for persistence mechanism

* utilities/StringUtils:
Extended with 'contains' function

* service/persist/PersistService:
Added const to appropriate functions

README.md, after:

# WolkConnector C++
WolkAbout C++ Connector library for connecting devices to WolkAbout IoT platform.

Prerequisite
------
Following tools/libraries are required in order to build WolkAbout C++ connector

* cmake - version 3.5 or later
* autotools
* autoconf
* m4
* zlib1g-dev

Former can be installed on Debian based system from terminal by invoking

`apt-get install autotools-dev autoconf m4 zlib1g-dev`

Afterwards dependencies are built, and Makefile build system is generated by invoking
`./configure`

Generated build system is located inside 'out' directory


WolkAbout C++ Connector library, and example are built from 'out' directory by invoking
`make` in terminal

Example Usage
-------------
**Establishing connection with WolkAbout IoT platform:**
```cpp
wolkabout::Device device("DEVICE_KEY", "DEVICE_PASSWORD", {"ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE", "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO"});

std::unique_ptr<wolkabout::Wolk> wolk =
  wolkabout::Wolk::newBuilder(device)
    .actuationHandler([](const std::string& reference, const std::string& value) -> void {
        std::cout << "Actuation request received - Reference: " << reference << " value: " << value << std::endl;
    })
    .actuatorStatusProvider([](const std::string& reference) -> wolkabout::ActuatorStatus {
        if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("65", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        } else if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("false", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        }

        return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
    })
    .build();

    wolk->connect();
```

**Publishing sensor readings:**
```cpp
wolk->addSensorReading("TEMPERATURE_REF", 23.4);
wolk->addSensorReading("BOOL_SENSOR_REF", true);
```

**Publishing actuator statuses:**
```cpp
wolk->publishActuatorStatus("ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE ");
```
This will invoke the ActuationStatusProvider to read the actuator status,
and publish actuator status.

**Publishing events:**
```cpp
wolk->addAlarm("ALARM_REF", "ALARM_MESSAGE_FROM_CONNECTOR");
```

Sensor readings, actuator statuses, and events are automatically pushed to WolkAbout IoT platform every 50 milliseconds,
hence no action other than *addSensorReading*, *publishActuatorStatus*, or *addEvent* is required.

**Disconnecting from the platform:**
```cpp
wolk->disconnect();
```

**Data persistence:**

WolkAbout C++ Connector provides mechanism for persisting data in situations where readings can not be sent to WolkAbout IoT platform.

Persisted readings are sent to WolkAbout IoT platform once connection is established.

Data persistence mechanism **is not enabled by default**, and can be enabled via wolkabout::WolkBuilder when constructing wolkabout::Wolk instance in following manner:

```cpp
wolkabout::Device device("DEVICE_KEY", "DEVICE_PASSWORD", {"ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE", "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO"});

std::unique_ptr<wolkabout::Wolk> wolk =
  wolkabout::Wolk::newBuilder(device)
    .actuationHandler([](const std::string& reference, const std::string& value) -> void {
        std::cout << "Actuation request received - Reference: " << reference << " value: " << value << std::endl;
    })
    .actuatorStatusProvider([](const std::string& reference) -> wolkabout::ActuatorStatus {
        if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("65", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        } else if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("false", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        }

        return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
    })
    .withDataPersistence() // Enable data persistance via default filesystem persister
    .build();

    wolk->connect();
```

In cases when provided filesystem persistence is suboptimal, one can use custom persistence by implementing wolkabout::PersistService interface, and forwarding it to
builder in following manner:

```cpp
wolkabout::Device device("DEVICE_KEY", "DEVICE_PASSWORD", {"ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE", "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO"});

std::unique_ptr<wolkabout::Wolk> wolk =
  wolkabout::Wolk::newBuilder(device)
    .actuationHandler([](const std::string& reference, const std::string& value) -> void {
        std::cout << "Actuation request received - Reference: " << reference << " value: " << value << std::endl;
    })
    .actuatorStatusProvider([](const std::string& reference) -> wolkabout::ActuatorStatus {
        if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_ONE") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("65", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        } else if (reference == "ACTUATOR_REFERENCE_TWO") {
            return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("false", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
        }

        return wolkabout::ActuatorStatus("", wolkabout::ActuatorStatus::State::READY);
    })
    .withDataPersistence(std::make_shared<CustomPersistServiceImplemenation>()) // Enable data persistance via custom persister
    .build();

    wolk->connect();
```

For more info on persistence mechanism see wolkabout::PersistService and wolkabout::JsonPersistService classes
